Welcome back everybody.
In this video going to be taken a look at how were press deals with templates.
Our hierarchy system for selecting which template to use.
So we head over to Google and do a search for wordpress template hierarchy.
And the first link that comes up should be the one that you need.
So if we select that.
So we take an order to the WordPress website.
And if you scroll down you can find a list of the templates that WordPress recognizes and I'll give
you an idea of how WordPress uses these.
So there's a visual diagram which will take a look at in just a moment.
If we scroll a little bit further down the page we can find out some more details about how word press
deals with templates.
So by default WordPress uses the front page of the home page to display the latest blog posts.
And that's really not what we want for this design in our bootstrap design.
We've got a front page and then we keep old blog post separate in it on blog page.
So when it's change over WordPress thing our money to use the front page doppie HP as our new home page.
So when this video were taken the content of the index page.
By creating the front page top HP.
We'll use our index page to be the default page for display and blog posts or WordPress content.
So scroll down you'll get an idea of some of the templates that were building in this course.
There's a template for the single post which has the index page as a four buck template if none of these
exists.
Will also create a page template which were press will use.
If you can't find a more specific template.
And again if none of these can be found it will default back to the index page and as various of custom
templates become billed.
So will look at them later on in the course.
And if you want take a look at the visual overview.
Which gives you a nice visual diagram of how were pressed deals with templates.
What template it looks for and in what particular order.
So let's get started creating a new front page.
So if we go back into the WordPress dashboard.
And then and the dashboard on the left.
If you go on two pages.
I was going to delete the sample page.
We don't need that.
And then when I click Add new.
I was simply going to call this page home and then click on publish.
Then helo to the text editor and will create from page doppie HP that were looked up before.
So first of all go onto the next page.
Select all and copy and command and control and to create a new page and then paste it in and then save
that straight away as front dush page top HP.
This is now going to be our front page of the website so we can delete all of the content in the index
page.
Everything between the get to header they get for two hours right at the very bottom so just select
all the content.
Then scroll down and delete.
Even just the header and footer.
And would just say this page for now on will come back to this in the next video.
Well start creating the word press loop to loop for all the contents of the blog posts so save.
And then if you go back over to the dashboard.
And then under Settings.
Select the reading tab.
So if we go to the front page which is up the top were mentioned at the start of this video that by
default WordPress uses a front page to display the latest blog posts.
Were going to change that to be a static page and when to change up to the home page and create it.
So change it up and then click on so changes.
So hopefully that should be all working again.
So click on visit site.
Refresh.
And all seems to work fine.
We've got a few menu links at the top so I'm just going to get rid of those now.
So Buck into appearance and menus.
Well kinda like the supple page.
We don't need that in the menu.
And also that home page link and then save the menu.
Then back to our front page.
Okay it's all working again and folks are watching and we'll see in the next video.